  The survival project started in SCCS over 15 years ago, then eventually moved
to RCS, then to cvs, all on local Mayo servers.  The final move has been to
Rforge and svn.  At each of these conversions I've tried to retain the edit
history for the main code.  Perhaps it is paranoid, but in the current state of
unbridled software patents I want to keep a history that is long enough to
fend off any potential attacks.

  The old/ directory contains files that I have not yet put into the new
order.  It will eventually shrink to a small historical bit, and perchance
disappear altogheter.

  A primary reason for conversion to Rforge is to enable wider participation
in the project, and eventually (still some years away) hand it off completely.
I have gotton involved in other research areas in the last few years, and
have not been able to give this project all of the attention it deserves.

  At this time, the code base works in both Splus and R.  File extensions
are .S for "generic S" code that works in both, and .R for a few files that are
particular to the R version.  We use both dialects at Mayo, but beyond that
I think is is worthwhile to try to keep the packages in sync.  One last note
is that I use a particular style of indentation, which will look a bit odd
to the usual C programmer but completely natural to anyone elso whose first
indented language was PL/1.  When making changes feel free to use other
styles, BUT, out of kindness to anyone who wants to track important changes to a
routine, don't make wholesale indentation updates.

     Terry Therneau
     Dec 2008

---------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The remainder of this file is of interest only to someone who needs to
reconstruct old versions.  It describes the considerable directory rearrangment
that occured.
  The Mayo files were in a single directory, organized for ease of software
development rather than for distribution, with a structure of 
  survival/  (parent)
     Makefile  (hand written for the project, worked great)
     all .c and .s routines
     test/
     testreg/
     testfrail/

  There were totally separate directories for the date and coxme libraries.

  I first converted to a local svn server, rearranging things into a more
standard R format:
    survival/
       Readme 
       pkg/
         survival/
         date/
	 coxme/
       www/
       old/

 When this was uploaded to Rforge, the entire tree ended up as the
"trunk/survival" subdirectory of the new object, for reasons I don't
quite fathom.  So I next had to move all the bits back up two levels to where
they belonged.

