  What are the differences between this testall.save and the one in
survival4 on statlib---

  A "diff" gives a file with 850 lines!  But the majority of the differences
are due to formatting differences between two version of S.

  Line 110: Residuals for fit0.  These have changed.  Before, the fit was
with the Efron approx but residuals computed using Breslow.  Now both use
Efron.

  Line 243: Same issue, with the multiple event model.
       263:  ""

  Line 447-537: A new test has been inserted.

  In the parametric models, there are lots of changes due to formatting.  For
the conconcted Fleming example, I get slightly different coefs, due to a
change in initial values logic.

---------
  Further notes 5/16/94

  Changed to 2 significant digits in the p value; leads to lots of changes

  Added the Wald test to summary.coxph printout.

  The "fleming" data is now referred to as "ovarian" data.

  The expected survival from the "jasa1" test differs from before, for 2
reasons.  The routine now does per year interpolation by default, but
more importantly I am now more careful about the US rate tables, ie. a
person moves to a new column of rates on their birthday rather than on
Jan 1 of the relevant year.  The more nitpicky test of the new code in
doexpect.s makes me fairly certain of the new calculations.


-----

I have updated my testall script, and compared answers on 12/95.

New tests:  infcox.s     test the warning message for infinity, when 2
			     vars are infinite

	    doovarian.s  added a test that robust=T and cluster() give the
			     same answer

	    docancer.s   added a test of subscripting survival curves

	    expect3.s    tests of survexp, with a Cox model

	    singtest.s   test the 'singular=ok' option

Changes:  The "beta may be infinite" message now has a semi-colon instead
     of a comma

	     Statsci changed the # of digits on all the survreg output.

	     Added the ICC to multiple-event Cox models.

	     More "range" to "all.equal" changes.

--------

Notes on 6/96

  Fixed the data error in the bladder data, where the 'size' and 'number'
variable names had been switched.  This leads to lots of ignorable
differences.  Also changed 'residual.dz' to 'resid.ds' to match my
course notes.

  Removed the ICC from cox models until further testing is possible.

  The survdiff program now has more complete output.

---------------

See Testlog.v5 for the multitude of changes due to Splus5

----
Note on 6/99
   The summary.survreg method now does not print the correlation matrix by
default.

-----------
Note on 31 Dec 01
  Added a date() call to the test suite, so it will be easier to see when
an old 'testall.out' file was created.
  The newest survival routines uncovered a long-standing bug in the old
ones -- for the cancer (or lung) data set,  summary.survfit with a times
option printed an n.risk value that was off by 1 for several of the lines.
  More tests have been added, and more converted to an all.equal style.
  
  A new testall.save created.

